thus the Lord
showed me behold a basket of sum of
fruits and he said Amos what do you see
a basket of summer fruit the end has
come upon my people Israel
I will not pass by them any more and the
songs of the temple shall be wailing in
that day many dead bodies everywhere
they shall be thrown out in silence hear
this you who swallow up the needy and
make the poor of the land fail saying
when will the new moon be passed that we
may sell grain and the Sabbath that we
may trade wheat making the ephah small
and the shekel large falsifying the
scales by deceit that we may buy the
poor for silver and the needy for a pair
of sandals even sell the bad wheat the
Lord has sworn by the pride of Jacob
surely I will never forget any of their
works shall the lands not tremble for
this and every one morn who dwells in it
all of it shall swell like the river
heave and subside like the river of
Egypt
and it shall come to pass in that day
says the Lord God that I will make the
Sun go down at noon and I will darken
the earth in broad daylight I will turn
your feasts into mourning and all your
songs into lamentation
I will bring sackcloth on every waste
and baldness on every end I will make it
like morning for an only Son and it's
end like a bitter day behold the days
are coming says the Lord God that I will
send a famine on the land not a famine
of bread nor a thirst for water but of
hearing the words of the Lord they shall
wander from sea to sea and from north to
east they shall run to and fro seeking
the word of the Lord but shall not find
it in that day the fair virgins and
strong young men shall faint from thirst
those who swear by the sin of Samaria
who say as your God lives Oh Dan and as
the way of Beersheba
lives they shall fall and never rise
again